Add stability information to README (#23)
wasmerio/winterjs: README.md

The JavaScript server that runs Service Workers according to the [Winter Community Group specification](https://wintercg.org/).

> Note: WinterJS is not officially endorsed by WinterCG, despite sharing "Winter" in their name. There are many [runtimes supporting WinterCG](https://runtime-keys.proposal.wintercg.org/), WinterJS being one among those.

⚠️ WinterJS is **early, pre-release software**. It is currently not fully compliant with the WinterCG spec and there are missing APIs. Also, the runtime itself is still a work in progress, so you may encounter stability and performance issues. Is it not recommended to use WinterJS in production yet.

> For more information, see the API Compatibility section below.

Reviewer: This is too scary to read. Also, we should not put it on the front, but near the API implementation

# How WasmerJS works

WinterJS is powered by [SpiderMonkey](https://spidermonkey.dev/), [Spiderfire](https://github.com/Redfire75369/spiderfire) and [hyper](https://hyper.rs/)
to bring a new level of awesomeness to your Javascript apps.

> To compile the app to WebAssembly WinterJS is using the [WASIX](https://wasix.org) standard. Please note that compiling to WASIX is currently an involved process. We recommend using precompiled versions from [`wasmer/winterjs`](https://wasmer.io/wasmer/winterjs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WinterJS is using the [WASIX](https://wasix.org) standard to compile to WebAssembly. Please note that compiling to WASIX is currently a complex process. We recommend using precompiled versions from [`wasmer/winterjs`](https://wasmer.io/wasmer/winterjs), but please open an issue if you need to compile to WASIX locally.
```

* Stable - The API is implemented and fully compliant with the spec. This does not account for potential undiscovered implementation errors in the native code.

|API|Status|Notes|
|:-:|:-:|:--|
|`console`|Stable|
|`fetch`|Partial|`Request`, `Response` and `ReadableStream` need to be stabilized before `fetch` can be considered Stable
|`URL`|Stable|
|`URLSearchParams`|Stable|
|`Request`|Partial|`ReadableStream` needs to be stabilized before `Request` can be considered Stable<br/>Requests cannot be sent with `ReadableStream` bodies
|`Headers`|Stable|
|`Response`|Partial|`ReadableStream` needs to be stabilized before `Response` can be considered Stable.<br/>`Response.body` returns a Promise that resolves to a `ReadableStream` instead of returning a `ReadableStream` directly.
|`Blob`|Partial|`Blob.stream()` is not implemented yet
|`FormData`|Stable|
|`TextDecoder`|Partial|Only UTF-8 is supported|
|`TextEncoder`|Partial|Only UTF-8 is supported|
|`ReadableStream`|Partial|Creating `ReadableStream`s with `type: 'bytes'` is not supported yet.<br/>Returning `ReadableStream`s to native code is not supported yet.
|`atob`|Stable|
|`btoa`|Stable|

> |`performance.now()`|Stable|

Reviewer: This table is hard to read. Please use emojis near the Partial / Stable to represent and read it better
